[Doc] Logging: Add  Fluent Bit DaemonSet and Grafana Loki  to Persist KubeRay operator logs (#48725)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/user-guides/configure-logging.md

Implement structured logging to enable downstream users and applications to consume the logs efficiently.

### Application logs

> A Ray applications include both driver and worker processes. For Python applications, use Python loggers to format and structure your logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Ray app includes both driver and worker processes. For Python apps, use Python loggers to format and structure your logs.
```
